## Brief summary on relations between classes
GameServer opens a socket that continuously accepts sockets from YahtzeeClient. Every socket is a communication channel between a user (represented by a Player object) and the server. Player object stores and calculates scores for corresponding user, during which Combination class is used for validating user input. GameScore keeps track of score for users. YahtzeeProtocol is responsible for processing input from players, retuning information, and generating current game state. It also uses RollDice to mimic rolling. During all this time, YahtzeeClient keeps reading user input and sending them to GameServer as well as presenting the information from GameServer to the users.

## How does our program handle exceptions and/or errors
* Most of of our code has try-catch block that catches possible exceptions in the code without crashing the program. We also carefully order the exceptions in a way that specific exceptions are always put before the general ones, which greatly helps us to debug our program.
* Although it is not required for client application to check whether user input is valid or not, our program does check user input before sending it to server. For example, when user makes a choice on which dice he prefers to keep, the checkKeepDice( ) method goes through the input and makes sure it only contains five numbers of either 1 or 0 and each number is separated by space. If user input does not meet this requirement, the program will friendly reminds the user and asks him to try again until he inputs information with expected format. _Actual code: line 163-174 & line 91 - 95 in YahtzeeClient.java._
* Our server also deals with errors by checking user input for KEEP_DICE. So even with client or server written by other people, we can always guarantee that user input errors will be taken care of.  Our program also detects mismatch between user score choice and content in protocol, which happens either when user input is not one of the choices in protocol or he has already chosen it before. _Actual code: Line 127-137 in YahtzeeProtocol.java._
* Relying on socket time exception, our program starts the game once there are 6 players or 30 seconds has passed and there are one or more players showed up. As a result, if no player shows up in 30 seconds, our server gracefully closes. _Actual code: line 35-55 in GameServer.java._
* By setting a small amount of time to avoid blocking of readLine( ) method, our program constantly checks if all players make new input in command line. Thus, making PRINT_GAME_STATE and QUIT_GAME real-time, and players get notified of this right away. _Actual code: line 41 & line 81 in GameServer.java._


